well howdy there internet people it's bo
again
so today we're going to talk about the
kind of government we want the type of
political party we want
and we're going to talk about being on
point because i was surprised by
something yesterday
a whole bunch of people who know they
are forward thinking know they are
forward-looking know that their ideas
would lead to deep systemic change
seemed
surprised bothered even by the fact that
a major political party does not reflect
their beliefs
i found that odd i found that odd
if you're one of those people you're on
point you're up front
you are looking for that next problem
that next issue that next engagement
you have to acknowledge that
you're never going to have a major
political party reflect your beliefs
certainly no government is ever going to
further i'm going to suggest that you
you don't want them to
i can't think of many things more
disheartening
than the idea of waking up tomorrow to
find that
all of the ideas that i hold that i
believe are forward thinking and
forward-looking
are being debated up on capitol hill
that would be a sad day for me
because it means i stopped looking
for the next engagement means i gave up
means i stopped for movement
if you're one of those people who is up
front one of those people that
possesses those ideas that are
radical in nature those that are looking
to create utopia you have to acknowledge
you are never going to be satisfied
because the second your idea becomes
normalized becomes mainstreamed
becomes a part of a party platform
you're looking for the next engagement
there's never going to be a government
that aligns with you
because governments create reform
people create change and if you're
one of those forward-thinking people
that's what you're looking for
you're looking for change and there's
always
going to be another issue let's say
tomorrow climate change is solved
racism is gone sexism is gone it doesn't
matter how it was magic okay
then what well we've got to address
poverty right
universal education universal health
care housing is a human right
then what by the time we solve all this
it'll
probably have something to do with the
rights of colonists on the moon
but rest assured when that time comes
there will be somebody on point
there will be somebody up front already
looking to the next engagement
because progress doesn't stop it's never
ending
there's always going to be some
injustice always going to be some form
of barbarism that requires
forward-thinking people
that require somebody to be on point if
you're a radical you are always going to
be in the fight
because as soon as your idea gets
accepted
by that main body of people you're
looking for that next obstacle
you are looking for that next engagement
that's a good thing
but it's not for everybody
it's not for everybody there are always
going to be those people
who are in the center who are behind you
they just haven't caught up yet they
will as you move forward they'll move to
your previous position
that's how it works and i get it
there are a lot of people right now
going look we got some really pressing
issues
and we're running out of time to deal
with them i've got it
change comes from you it's going to come
from you
it's not going to come from dc it's not
going to come from some president or
senator that's great man theory
it's always come from people
yesterday there were a whole bunch of
paraphrases quotes
direct citations in some cases from
great thinkers people who created
deep systemic change people who altered
the course of history
they had one thing in common
none of them were in government because
change doesn't come from government
it comes from people reform comes from
government
those people that were quoted yesterday
they created social movements
they created their own power structures
and they
pulled the government into change
kicking
and screaming
and when it came through it really came
through in the form of reforms
not real change because governments
don't create
change people do governments create
reform
if you're up front if you're on the
fringe
it's not a bad thing it's not a bad
thing
you have volunteered to be on point and
hopefully you are leading those people
behind you
through the obstacles hopefully you are
changing minds
if you change minds laws will change if
you change enough minds you don't even
need the laws to change because you have
changed society
but it comes from you change comes from
you
not from dc the best you're going to get
from dc is reform
if you want deep systemic change if
you're one of those people
who looks at the democratic party and
says y'all got to catch up
you're on point you're leading the way
and that's a good thing
don't get disheartened by
the fact that there's a lot of people
who aren't there yet
they'll catch up just keep clearing the
obstacles for them
anyway it's just a thought y'all have a
good day